This is a docs txt file, to inform you how in this Pokemon Project Specifically that ParseHub is going to be used...

So first, we tried to get all the data we want in running one project, but it ended up being a disaster, we had a csv file
that just had too many spaces filling in one column with so much stuff, which resulted in alot of empty rows.

Also, it took literally 20 minutes to download data of 72 Pokemon and weird symbols get popping up and it was just a disaster.

So there will be multiple projects to get multiple CSV files because for me to do this in one go is going to be too much of a
headache...

Goals: To get the Pokemon's names that can be found here (https://pokemondb.net/pokedex/national), there are these
div tags with the class infocards (if you're familiar with bootstrap) and the name of the Pokemon, is an a tag which is
inside of a span tag which is inside of these div tags with the class infocard.

Now the base URL is https://pokemondb.net/pokedex/pokemonname (ie https://pokemondb.net/pokedex/bulbasaur). My hope is that
I can search through these URLs (which is why we start with https://pokemondb.net/pokedex/national to get the Pokemon names and
go to each Pokemon's webpage, and then from there we can scrape the data. But we're going to go nice and slow here.

Project#!: So the first I wanna fill out Pokemon.csv, which is going to contain these tags: id,
name,types,abilities,height,weight,gender,evolution, hopefully...

Now a complication here is that abilities is that in multiple cases it will have more than one, for example
Bulbasaur has both abilities: Overgrow and Cholorphyll. Now because it has more than one a separate entry in
the csv file will be made with all fields blank except for one entry that says Cholorphyll or it'll say id=1, name=Bulbasaur,
and then the ability cholorphyll. This is the same issue when it comes to Pokemon types, Bulbasaur for example is
a Grass and Poison type. Again, not ideal.


Project#2: Now the second CSV that we wanna fill out is PokemonStats.csv, which essentially details the base, min, max stats
of each Pokemon. This will be used to calculate attack damage and defense later on... Now each Pokemon has these Stats:
Hp, Attack, Defense, Sp. Attack, Sp. Defense, and Speed. So the goal is that this csv will simply be formatted like this:
id, name, BaseHP, Atk, Def, SpAtk, SpDef, Speed.


Project#3: Next is going to be filling out PokemonAbilities.csv, this essentially lists out the abilities and what they
do. In the website (https://pokemondb.net/ability/ability_name) it typically lists the effect right under "Effect" heading.
Here's the format: ability_name,effect

Project#4: Fill out PokemonMoves.csv, essentially you fill out the moves and what they do. Differnet stats about them.
Whether a move is physical or special, how much accuracy it has, how much pp it has, what type it is, and
any additional effects it has. Format: name, type, category (physical,special,status), accuracy, pp, effects_additional



Now here's the tricky part, you need to figure out which Pokemon can learn certain moves, what types they are and what
abilities they possess. That's a tricky part. The other thing is items and how they factor in and oh yeah, Mega evolutions.
There's a lot to unpack here.

Another NOTE: Instead of using CSV files, JSON might be more useful